in their TRW cream at masala here with
the Rhinestone Worldcom so Meg on
Facebook page had a quick question as
far as how we press the sleeves on the
shirts there it would be a good video
and a lot easier to explain on the video
than to try and type it out on the
Facebook page so this is a easy way to
add a $5 upgrade to your rhinestone
shirts in a matter of two minutes so we
just grabbed our two numbers here so
they're one a custom number 89 on their
shirts we're gonna use the outline of
one of our two color fonts
save a little bit of stones make it
really easy to be able to put on still
looks great on the shirt so we're using
the SS 10 three millimeter Korean lo LED
stones here that we have available on
the website as you can see very easy to
brush in here takes maybe 30 seconds or
so to rush these stones in once we get
the stones in here we're just gonna grab
our hotfix tape once we get it all
hotfix taped up then we're just gonna
press over it with our hand there very
gently pull it up and bring it over to
our press and get ready to press this on
our shirt now this is where we have a
little trick as far as making it easy to
press on the shirt because with the
bottom of the sleeve you have that seam
underneath there to where you can't get
a good even pressure throughout so what
we do is we just use some foam board we
have a piece of foam board that we just
cut we pick up at a local craft store
for about 99 cents a sheet we cut off a
little spout to be able to make it for
the sleeve if we put that in there we're
going to do our pre press for 5 seconds
and as you can see since the foam board
is in there it's not playing around with
that seam on the bottom of the armpit of
the shirt so you're getting a nice even
press and even heat distribution and
pressure throughout the entire design
here so we're gonna line up our number
89 right here on our sleeve we're gonna
press this down now we had our press set
for 10 seconds here so we're just gonna
hold it down a little bit longer so we
get our full 15 seconds and we are at
about 320 degrees for this press here
we're using our hotronix
here I'm gonna pull the hotfix tape off
and we are completely done that just
added five dollars to this shirt for a
custom sleeve we can do the other sleeve
as well if they have another son or
daughter to add another $5 to the
opposite sleeve so great way to upsell
your shirts if you do have any questions
just make sure to contact us office
numbers nine four one seven five five
one six nine six you can email us at
info at the Rhinestone Worldcom or just
visit the website at
www.opm.gov/tribalprograms